July 20, 2022

Fishing Coditions for the Other Waters.

Canyon Ferry - Walleye have been being caught from chinamen's bay-the dam. Try a white wooly bugger or kreelex.
Hauser/Holter -  One of the best places to be currently. Nymphers are slaying fish on Pink Amex's, czech nymphs, tailwater sows, midges, pmd nymphs and perdigons. Streamer fishing has been good some days and terrible the next. If it is a sunny day, focus more on small flashy streamers and white flies. If it is cloudy throw black or olive flies. And do not be afraid of upsizing if you are not getting hits.
Hyalite- The creek is fishing well currently per usual. The lake is an excellent option currently as well. If you're planning on fishing the lake, fish a dry dropper with a parachute adams and a chironomid. You can also always catch fish up there with balanced leeches under indicators. If you went to the creek I would also throw dry droppers in the creek with chubbies and perdigons. 
Cliff and Wade- Not a whole lot of fisherman right now. Which can either be awesome, or terrible. If you were in this area, use a dry dropper in the lake. Use some kind of callibaetis or chubby and behind it throw a chironomid or pheasant tail. 
Quake Lake - Fishing has been decent over here. Try a balanced leech or ice cream cones.
Hebgen- Try a balanced leech, callibaetis or a damselfy nymph subsurface and a callibaetis on top.
Harrison Lake - Try a balanced leech or chironomid. If you see fish rising, try a parachute adams or purple haze.
Ponds Around Town - Fishing is getting good on the ponds. The bluegill and bass bite can be nice on warmer days. This is a great place to bring beginners or kids for some fly casting and setting practice. 

Fly Pattern Suggestions

Hauser/Holter -  One of the best places to be currently. Nymphers are slaying fish on Pink Amex's, czech nymphs, tailwater sows, midges, pmd nymphs and perdigons. Streamer fishing has been good some days and terrible the next. If it is a sunny day, focus more on small flashy streamers and white flies. If it is cloudy throw black or olive flies. And do not be afraid of upsizing if you are not getting hits.